hey guys blackops a p28 here bringing
you a quick hopefully quick make it
quick and order attention spans are
short word guys but anyways it's
bringing up a class setup guide for
search destroy what I like to run got a
comment on my video yesterday from a
long I bass fish in Long Island I think
it is or Long Island bass fish in anyway
thanks for the comment guy thanks for a
this idea so I'm just going to quickly
go over my classes that I leaks like the
run insertion destroy so right now my
favorite gun is to use as the mp7 with
laser sight and suppressor I basically
recommend laser sight and suppressor on
any SMG out there it's it's really good
and try and fire more from the hip than
aiming down sights quicker and all that
some for my first perk I'm gonna run
flak jacket the reason for that is
because I want to run dexterity instead
of engineer and I hate dying from like
bouncing Betties and all that stuff so
I'm going to run flak jacket for that
toughness so there's no flinch when
we're getting shot it's really helpful
for rushing and staying on target and
then of course extreme conditioning and
dexterity dexterity so we can climb
faster but more importantly so we can
bring up her gun faster like when we're
sprinting we're gonna shoot a lot faster
so that's also hope for her rushing as
well c4 if you don't you see for is
easily the best lethal in the game
you're not using c4 I recommend just
using it even just going like spawn like
demolition or whatever and just get used
to using it you'll love it it's great
smoke grenade is my tactical can
grenadiers choice just because um it can
open up the map a lot for you like cut
off choke points and plant bombs and all
that stuff but you've seen my videos
before you you'll see what I how I like
to use a smoke mmm so the other class
here is a shotgun class we're going to
use this moron like close quarters like
hijack and all that kind of stuff it's
basically the mirror class and I think
it changed here is the gun we got the
Remington best shot gun in the game with
long barrel and laser sight
for all these classes I don't run a
secondary you'll see here how except for
the sniper but the reason for that is if
you bring out your knife before you
start sprinting at the beginning of
around you're gonna sprint like twice as
long and when we rushing and we want to
get to the choke points a lot faster mmm
excuse me then we want to have our knife
out so we can sprint longer for my other
class hear that i'll run is the
concussion class i call it the only
difference here is you'll say i got fast
hands for my part 2 and then I got
tactical mask and prick 3 and a
concussion for my tactical this is for
like plaza when you're going for a or
like if you're rushing on express their
do you want to throw your concussions
over that sign it's just for certain
rushes this is the class that i'll use
the reason i want to use concussions of
course i want to stun them because i
know where they're gonna be and I want
to get to this spot before they can and
I'm running tactical mask on this one
because usually when i run this class
it's going to be them stunning back
trying to get their stunts offer so this
is just a specific class for different
situations and if we're gonna butt kick
then i'll switch to the goals class if
they got their UAVs up so on this class
that got suppressor and adjustable stock
which is another great attachment for
your SMGs suppressor obviously stay off
the mini map and then adjustable stock
is just like stock or pro from model for
three you can strafe a lot faster left
and right yeah so we got ghosts but the
only difference here is i am running
engineer just because i got ghosts on it
on that flak jacket on i want to make
sure I see the bouncing Betties and
whatever else that might blow me up
without having flak jacket on and we got
her smoke and ce4 on again and one of
the thing I wanted to mention here it'll
come back to me and then just a sniper
class this has changed things up if you
don't feel like rushing anymore is what
I will usually run DSR by the best
sniper in the game with attack 45
secondary very good secondary is like
two shot kill cold-blooded cold-blooded
because if I'm sniping usually I'm gonna
be more long-range and then I'm gonna
coming up against more target finders
and that kind of stuff so I want to put
cold-blooded on and my name is not gonna
show up on my character's head as well
and extreme conditioning engineer and
I'm running ghost just because I also uh
actually ghost is the one that keeps you
your name often maybe you know what I
mean whatever ghost cold-blooded extreme
conditioning c4 smoke scorestreaks I'll
usually run UAV hunter-killer and then
depending on my mood I'll either run
like RC not very often or care package
or hell storm I was right and running
lightning strike but they really nerve
that thing so I don't like it anymore I
think he'll storms probably better now
way the last thing I wanted to mention
was so you start off the beginning of
the like the first round here at using
this class and then you noticed for the
next round that they're gonna have a
like you ad up what you have to do you
have to switch to your ghost class
before that round starts but before
another call of duty's what we could do
is we like we'll pick this class and
it'll kind of sprint forward and then
the enemy will call it UAV and then we
would like calling our ghost or
cold-blooded class or whatever to keep
off the UAV but now I guess you have to
switch to this class like to your goals
class before this you started that round
otherwise you're gonna show up on the
minimap whatever so I'm not have one
hundred percent clarity on that but
that's what I've been hearing a lot so
just make sure if you think that the
teams like the team the next round
they're going to call you avian and you
want to stay off the mini-map just make
sure you switch your goals class before
the start of that round but yeah guys
that's my class setups hopefully you
didn't find it too boring hopefully you
find something useful out of it but yeah
thanks for watching guys I'll talk to
you in the next one take care bye
you